[FDC] Deploy should provision Cloud SQL async (#9004)
firebase/firebase-tools: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed a bug when deploying firestore indexes failed due to broken index comparison logic (#8859)
- Added prefix support for multi-instance Cloud Functions extension parameters. (#8911)
- Make it possible to init a dataconnect project in non interactive mode (#8993)
- Added 2 new MCP tools for crashlytics `get_sample_crash_for_issue` and `get_issue_details` (#8995)
- Use Gemini to generate schema and seed_data.gql in `firebase init dataconnect` (#8988)

> - Fixed a bug when `firebase deploy --only dataconnect` doesn't include GQL in nested folders (#8981)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug when `firebase deploy --only dataconnect` didn't include GQL files in nested folders (#8981)
```
